# screen script to setup my drcontroller screen session.
caption always
screen -t alpha-console
register a "console alpha^M"
paste a
screen -t alpha-ssh
screen -t bravo-console
register a "console bravo^M"
paste a
screen -t bravo-ssh
screen -t charlie-console
register a "console charlie^M"
paste a
screen -t charlie-ssh
screen -t delta-console
register a "console delta^M"
paste a
screen -t delta-ssh
screen -t echo-console
register a "console echo^M"
paste a
screen -t echo-ssh
screen -t foxtrot-console
register a "console foxtrot^M"
paste a
screen -t foxtrot-ssh
screen -t golf-console
register a "console golf^M"
paste a
screen -t golf-ssh
screen -t hotel-console
register a "console hotel^M"
paste a
screen -t hotel-ssh
screen -t india-console
register a "console india^M"
paste a
screen -t india-ssh
screen -t juliet-console
register a "console juliet^M"
paste a
screen -t juliet-ssh
